they call me the problem but you can
call me the cam man if anybody's can't
get boxing volcom we are here lantic
City live with Glenn Jersey Boys happier
coming off his victory tonight what can
you say about such a short performance
tonight I was kind of mad because I
wanted to show everybody my talents and
show people that I that I could do the
eight rounds and I could I come on do
better than this but whatever he knows
just kind of show first round so okay
did you think to do quit on you because
I mean I saw him like take a body shot
just drop and then took another body
shop and dropped again then I seen your
reaction like I couldn't help but say
you're mad yeah I was very angry because
because I saw it wasn't yeah I according
with a body shot real hard body shot the
first one and then but he was just he
just wanted to quit I'll just seen in
his face so I got kind of angry this was
like a last poem last minute opponent I
was supposed to fight hell Avril Lopez
but he was like 189 two days ago and
they pulled out on this I'm very happy
that I end up fighting any anyway you
know cuz I got it's like five in a year
ready that they pulled out on me so it's
okay can you talk about that we talked
to call Moretti he said you know this is
your third opponent in the last week or
so and people were just pulling out like
tell us the mindset of a fighter just
switching opponents at the end of the
day and you just want to get working mmm
it's just it's just real hard you know
it's real hard cuz I'm just trained I'm
training training and then to to to
fight a guy that you know like this or
so to succumb to the show and then the
guy pulled out in the last second it's
kind of hard well at least they got me a
fight you know so it's good what are you
seeing you in future another eighth
round and a ten rounder what you're
trying to do after this fight or eight
rounds you know i'ma go cup ye rounders
and then go to Tenzin you know take my
time you know I'm not to do that call
people i know that i'm just gonna take
my time whoever's there whoever they put
me in front of i'm gonna handle my
business what weight do you feel more
comfortable fighting at 54 154 I fought
this way we're supposed to file heavy
Lopez at 160 he takes punches from a
160-pound ER so he was gonna check you
try to get these rounds it but you know
he a know being so heavy so whatever
there's only four down pain 160 though
now we know you I know you because
you're
but the rest of the world knows you from
being many pack a sparring partner you
know 24 7 20 more than we do thing he
need to talk about like what that
experience was and how you came back
from the Philippines you know sparring
probably one of the two best fighters in
the world I was great it was a great
experience you know to see Manny
Pacquiao Hari trans knees he's up there
ready you know these guys that's up
there and they don't train that hard
just because because they're already
there you know he trains harder than
guys that I know that's hungry and wants
to do you know and want to become the
best so he changed real hard and even
Freddie Roach is being with Freddie
Roach was great you know great
experience and me and him just bonded
from the jump and just training with him
all the time it was great so just just I
just learned my things I was just in
there you know just observing everything
and seeing how I work cloud boxer is you
know how you fight so it was great it
was great experiment but I was like two
years or three years ago i'm not gonna
be Glen Manny Pacquiao's small pond no
more you know I don't want to be that
don't worry you know I want to be
cleanse happy I want everybody back
while Glenn tap is a great Fred and not
just because I'm a sparring partner now
you recently you don't have birth of a
child how does that change the training
regimen of a boxer like are you a full
time boss so your part-time boxer it's
give us a little insight on that not
full-time box that's this is my job it
got its gonna feed her it's gonna feed
he's gonna is gonna give her give her a
better life you know so I'm definitely
don't even work harder in boxing to so
accomplished this top but is everything
didn't change that much you know just I
just I'm just real happy I want to go
back home and be with her right now but
everything changed much that I always
wanted to be the best I wanted to be the
best I was young you know and I I always
trained real hard so my training resume
really didn't change because I I was
ready training hard so when's the next
time we see the Jersey boy in the ring
um I don't know yeah I don't know we're
gonna talk about it now and you know to
be watching you know you have it boxing
fans Glen jersey boys happy little
disappoint his opponent quit on them but
we'll see him soon you never give me a
fair shake hbot for firing you know shit
about bus
shit your nightstick I wish I was 50
years younger I'd kick your ass when you
hit the bed will be no gas for the car
did I do comedy